I return to northeast Nightmarket, where the thief, Bergna, by all accounts a greatly disfigured creature, stooped and scarred, was last seen. Hearing this I, that was in the market, started towards her. I found her sitting by the pier, drunk and loitering, and she begged me for my help to leave town and come to Solitude to serve her. I took her by the arm and said I would not go unless I were given a deed of all her land. She laughed at this, and promised that she would only go to the Count.

I was told to give up my rations of food and clothing and to return to the Night Market that I might deal with her later. I did as I was  told and saw how horrible the soldiers were. It occurred to me that if they killed one of them, it would demonstrate to the rest of the men what they were like. I hated this young man more than ever; he was so brutal and so insolent that he was like a beast.

Once again, I had a bottle of paracetamol to give to the women to ease their pain. I got three in a bottle, poured them out and made my way back through the warren. I found a row of houses which had been set on fire by bandits. The cottages, not uncommonly called "fire houses", had roofs in need of repair. Unlike most wilderness buildings, their brick fronts had not been turned to ashes. It was an actual home. When I used the F.L.E. tools, I found that most of the houses were in fair condition. In others, there were broken windows, mounds of ash on the floor, and metal rubble clinging to the exterior. In a few of them, all the windows had been smashed. On the walls, the fire left extensive smoking holes. One house had a cracked wooden door in the entrance, and the iron frame had been almost completely exposed to the flames. In one of  the most fortunate events in recent memory, a person on the second floor in one of the houses was able to bail the door open before it completely collapsed. When the firefighters arrived, the owner was on the first floor in an upstairs apartment, and the fire had not spread to her.  Apparently this was in spite of the fact that there was a window on that end of the house which she had unwittingly overlooked.
After the fire was extinguished, some heavy damage was sustained to the three homes. The owner of one of the homes has been in touch with me about a small hole that has been missing from the back of her home for the past couple of years. She contacted me because there were two other houses on her street with holes in their backs. All of the houses are boarded up, and the wall is built over with plywood and a peeling paint job. One of the neighbors also had a missing back window, and that was left out for several years in the rain to dry. Unfortunately, these leaks are easy to get into, especially if there is a lot of dripping in your home. The back peeling paint job needs to come off as well, and there is water damage all over the walls as well as water coming up through