1	Political power, control over the local area
2	The death of a hated enemy or rival
3	Control of a guild or similar institution
4	Recovery of an artifact or magic item that could prove useful in the Blood War
5	Revenge for an insult, wrong, or past defeat
6	Personal power and comfort for its leaders

1	The cult uses a respectable guild, business, or institution as a front.
2	The cult thrives through the support of generations of a powerful noble family.
3	The cult controls the local officers of the law.
4	The cult has access to a cache of powerful magic.
5	The cult can open a direct portal to the Outer Planes, allowing fiends to intercede on their behalf.
6	The cult's leader is a renegade fiend seeking to evade its enemies.

1	Conspiracy. Members use passwords and double-blind communication.
2	False Front. The cult puts on an elaborate deception to appear as a harmless civic group.
3	Criminal Enterprise. The cult is organized through a thieves' guild.
4	Network. The cult has a secret alliance of members who have infiltrated the lower ranks of every organization of note in the region.
5	Cult of Personality. The cult leader is a beloved figure renowned for great, benevolent deeds.
6	Entrenched. The cult is part of the local culture, a tradition that established decades ago and kept secret from outsiders.

1	The cult is wracked with infighting.
2	A rival cult strives to destroy this group and replace it.
3	The cult struggles to rein in its dark, violent impulses in order to remain undetected.
4	Murder and betrayal leads to a constant turnover in cult leadership.
5	The cult leader is a figurehead. The real power is a crime lord behind the scenes.
6	The cult is a disposable pawn manipulated by its master.

1	Crime syndicate/bandit confederacy
2	Guild (masons, apothecaries, goldsmiths)
3	Magical circle/society
4	Military/knightly order
5	New family dynasty/tribe/clan
6	Philosophy/discipline dedicated to a principle or ideal
7	Realm (village, town, duchy, kingdom)
8	Religion/sect/denomination
9	School/university
10	Secret society/cult/cabal